Table attribute manage options (#1088)
akeneo/pim-helpcenter: content/md/first-steps/manage-multidimensional-data-in-a-table.md

The sorting of the options in the `manage options` screen is based on their creation date, in order to guarantee the best performances of your PIM.
:::

> Directly from the `manage options` screen, you can add options coming from a simple or multi-select attribute  as an option for your table, just by clicking on the `Import from existing attribute` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Directly from the `manage options` screen, you can add options coming from a simple or multi-select attribute as an option for your table, just by clicking on the `Import from existing attribute` button.
```

:::warning

> Note that imported options are not synchronised but are a one-shot copy of existing attribute options. Adding or removing options from the PIM won't change the options of the table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that imported options are not synchronised but are a one-shot copy of existing attribute options. Adding or removing options from the selected simple or multi-select attribute won't change the options of the table column.
```
